"As I dashed through the pedestrian bridge, the blue summer sky was right around the corner.1
I should've already known I could definitely never reach it, yet I stood at the tip of my toes to reach out my hand as far as I could."
 
I'm not gonna stay still and just stare at it.
These feelings I have for you overflowing from my heart frustrate me.
 
"As the bold white cumulonimbus clouds casually approached me,
a bunch of cicadas somewhere chirped.
They felt that the sun had only momentarily faltered."
"This world that is complicated to view
moves with just one simple emotion."
 
When have I possessed that secret onset?
All adults lie so much they forget.
 
The wind blowing my way addresses me and says
that if I stay here any longer, I will face an evening shower.
 
All there is in this world is love.
(That is all I believe.)
So right this instant, I'm heading to look for you.
Even if there'll be somebody to disagree with me,
(the nature of my heart can't change)
that is (that is) my (my) identity.
 
"Even though there was still some sunlight, it started to rain all of a sudden.
Getting all wet, I ran through the streets."
I can't predict evening showers, but I don't hate the future for it either."
 
When was it that I finally disobeyed the adults?
Was it that day where I was forced to give up on you...
 
The rain on the asphalt gives me the answer.
Even without an umbrella, there are days that you want to run free.
 
All there is in the future is love.
(It'll be sunny before long.)
Sadness is just the weather at the moment.
If colors exist in tears,
(people will become more nice)
then that is (that is) my (my) reality.
 
The moment I met you, a rainbow spanned across our sky
as if I recovered something.
 
All there is in this world is love.
(That is all I believe.)
So right this instant, I'm heading to look for you.
Even if there'll be somebody to disagree with me,
(the nature of my heart can't change)
that is (that is) my (my) identity.
 
"Because I previously ran with all my might, I'm still out of breath.
Being honest with my feelings feels refreshing.
I believe that all there is in this world is love."
